Add a note about filesystem path segments for serverless functions (#1050)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/routes.mdx

## Route Parameters

<Note>

>   <b>This method is for advanced usecases</b> when using route parameters and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is only for <b>use cases requiring route parameters and path segments. Please refer to our documentation on
<GenericLink href="/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/#path-segments">
    path segments
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  for the recommended method, using the filesystem.
```

  path segments. For most cases, please see{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/#path-segments">
    the serverless functions documentation on path segments
  </GenericLink>{' '}

>   for the recommended way, using the filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the recommended method, using the filesystem.
```
